`r\purview_account`: Add support for `managed_resource_group_name` (#14217)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/purview_account.html.markdown

* `public_network_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Purview Account be visible to the public network? Defaults to `true`.

> * `managed_resource_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the Resource Group where Purview Account creates the managed resources.

Reviewer: We could remove the note and change the description:

```suggestion
* `managed_resource_group_name` - (Optional) The name which should be used for the new Resource Group where Purview Account creates the managed resources. Changing this forces a new Purview Account to be created.
```

Author: Description updated
